# Baseline code for Wikikg90m

## **Important:** This dataset has been deprecated. Please use the updated version, WikiKG90Mv2.

Please refer to the **[OGB-LSC paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.09430)** for the detailed setting.

## Installation requirements
```
ogb>=1.3.0
torch>=1.7.0
dgl==0.4.3
```
In addition, please install the dgl-ke-ogb-lsc by `cd dgl-ke-ogb-lsc/python` and `pip install -e .`

### Acknowledgement 
Our implementation is based on [DGL-KE](https://github.com/awslabs/dgl-ke).

## Key commandline arguments
- `model_name`: Decoder model. Choose from [`TransE_l2`, `ComplEx`].
- `encoder_model_name`: Encoder model. Choose from [`shallow`, `roberta`, `concat`].
- `data_path`: Directory that downloads and stores the dataset.
- `save_path`: Directory that saves model and prediction file.

## Baseline models
- TransE-Shallow [1]
- TransE-RoBERTa [1,3]
- TransE-Concat [1,3]
- ComplEx-Shallow [2]
- ComplEx-RoBERTa [2,3]
- ComplEx-Concat [2,3]

All the scripts for the baseline models can be found in [`run.sh`](https://github.com/snap-stanford/ogb/blob/master/examples/lsc/wikikg90m/run.sh).

## Saving Test Submission
After training models using the script, there will be prediction files dumped under the `$SAVE_PATH`. The prediction files are in the following format: `[valid/test]_$PROCID_$STEP`, e.g., `test_0_99999.pkl`, `test_1_99999.pkl`, which means the test prediction files generated by training on two GPUs at step 99999. Then please use the following code to save the test submission file based on the best validation performance.
(`$NUM_PROC` represents the number of GPUs used to train the model, in the example above, set `$NUM_PROC` to 2)
```
python save_test_submission.py $SAVE_PATH $NUM_PROC
```
This will save the test submission file at `${SAVE_PATH}/t_pred_wikikg90m.npz`.

## Performance

| Model              |Valid MRR  | Test MRR*   | \#Parameters    | Hardware |
|:------------------ |:--------------   |:---------------| --------------:|----------|
| TransE-Shallow     | 0.7559 | 0.7412 | 17.4B  | Tesla P100 (16GB GPU) |
| ComplEx-Shallow    | 0.6142 | 0.5883 | 17.4B  | Tesla P100 (16GB GPU) |
| TransE-RoBERTa     | 0.6039 | 0.6288 | 0.3M   | Tesla P100 (16GB GPU) |
| ComplEx-RoBERTa    | 0.7052 | 0.7186 | 0.3M   | Tesla P100 (16GB GPU) |
| TransE-Concat      | 0.8494 | 0.8548 | 17.4B  | Tesla P100 (16GB GPU) |
| ComplEx-Concat     | 0.8425 | 0.8637 | 17.4B  | Tesla P100 (16GB GPU) |

\* Test MRR is evaluated on the **hidden test set.**


## References
[1] Bordes, A., Usunier, N., Garcia-Duran, A., Weston, J., & Yakhnenko, O. (2013). Translating embeddings for modeling multi-relational data. NeurIPS 2013

[2] Trouillon, T., Welbl, J., Riedel, S., Gaussier, É., & Bouchard, G. (2016). Complex embeddings for simple link prediction. ICML 2016

[3] Liu, Y., Ott, M., Goyal, N., Du, J., Joshi, M., Chen, D., Levy, O., Lewis, M., Zettlemoyer, L. & Stoyanov, V. (2019). RoBERTa: A robustly optimized bert pretraining approach. arXiv preprint arXiv:1907.11692.
